Hey guys, my name is Artem Kovalevich. I'm working as a software engineer for approximately four years. I have an experience with .NET Core, .NET Framework Technologies, ASP.NET, Transact SQL, Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, MySQL. Also, I have an experience with MongoDB. On the front-end side, I have an experience with Angular as well as React, Redux. About my projects, I'll start with the analytics projects where we're supposed to create, save, and draw diagrams, schemes, flowcharts based on user preferences and filters with a huge database. Also, I have participated in architecture design and implementation of the AdHoc report sub-project for this analytics one. Also, I have implemented a Windows service with jobs for diagrams and reports exporting. On the finish line of the project development period, I have implemented, I think I have performed a lot of work on the performance improvement task. Mostly, we decided to use the approach to review execution plans in SSMS and create needed indexes but sometimes we were deciding to create SQL scripts for data migration with data transformation by chunks. Another project is IRT clinical trials project. The main goal is to collect subject data, clinical sports data, drugs data, etc. It was a microservices architecture with the REST API messaging approach. We were creating and publishing the get packages that could be used by every clinical trial. I think that's mostly all. Thank you for your attention and please reach me out if you have any additional questions.